Add v5.2.0 post draft (#292)
twbs/blog: src/content/posts/2022/bootstrap-5-2-0.md

- `$gutters`

Your custom Bootstrap CSS builds should now look like this with a separate maps import.

```diff
  // Functions come first
  @import "functions";

  // Optional variable overrides here
+ $custom-color: #df711b;
+ $custom-theme-colors: (
+   "custom": $custom-color
+ );

  // Variables come next
  @import "variables";

+ // Optional Sass map overrides here
+ $theme-colors: map-merge($theme-colors, $custom-theme-colors);
+
+ // Followed by our default maps
+ @import "maps";
+
  // Rest of our imports
  @import "mixins";
  @import "utilities";
  @import "root";
  @import "reboot";
  // etc
```

## New helpers and utilities

We've updated our helpers and utilities to make it easier to quickly build and modify custom components:

- Added new `.text-bg-{color}` helpers. Instead of setting individual `.text-*` and `.bg-*` utilities, you can now use [the `.text-bg-*` helpers](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.2/helpers/color-background/) to set a `background-color` with contrasting foreground `color`.

- Expanded [`font-weight` utilities](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.2/utilities/text/#font-weight-and-italics) to include `.fw-semibold` for semibold fonts.

> - Expanded [`border-radius` utilities](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.2/utilities/borders/#sizes) to include two new sizes, `.rounded-4` and `.rounded-5`, for more options.

Reviewer: if I can recall correctly, we have changed a bit the values of the existing options, so it may be good to prepare people.

- [Sass & JS](https://github.com/twbs/examples/tree/main/sass-js/) — Import Sass, Autoprefixer, Stylelint, and our JS bundle via npm
- [Sass & ESM JS](https://github.com/twbs/examples/tree/main/sass-js-esm/) — Import Sass, Autoprefixer, and Stylelint via npm, and then load our ESM JS with a shim
- [Webpack](https://github.com/twbs/examples/tree/main/webpack/) - Import and bundle Sass and JS with Webpack
- [Parcel](https://github.com/twbs/examples/tree/main/parcel/) - Sass, JS via Parcel
- [Vite](https://github.com/twbs/examples/tree/main/vite/) - Sass, JS via Vite

Each guide matches up to a new example in that repo, and nearly all of them can be immeditely available in Stackblitz. Now you don't even need to have a development environment configured on your computer to get started with Bootstrap.

![Examples Stackblitz repo](/assets/img/2022/07/guides-stackblitz.png)

And did we mention that nearly all our code snippets now have an open in Stackblitz button?

![Code snippets Stackblitz](/assets/img/2022/07/snippets-stackblitz.png)

## Get the release

**Head to <https://getbootstrap.com> for the latest.** It's also been pushed to npm:

```sh

> npm i bootstrap@v5.2.0-beta1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm i bootstrap@v5.2.0
```

```

> [Read the GitHub v5.2.0-beta1 changelog](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/releases/tag/v5.2.0-beta1) for a complete list of changes in this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Read the GitHub v5.2.0bchangelog](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/releases/tag/v5.2.0) for a complete list of changes in this release.
```

## Support the team

> Visit our [Open Collective page]({{< param "opencollective" >}}) or our [team members](https://github.com/orgs/twbs/people)' GitHub profiles to help support the maintainers contributing to Bootstrap.

Reviewer: Maybe we need to say something about:

* https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/pull/36528
* [ experimental reserved data attribute data-bs-config](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.2/components/tooltips/#options)
